Individually:
Use your map to write scenarios and user stories (Sommerville pg. 63-69)
From your scenario and user stories develop your features

Group:
Look at your group members scenarios and stories and generate a feature list



Individual Scenarios
Adam Lowder
Initial Assumption:
    The student has just recently graduated and is looking for open positions in the area. They have been attending job fairs and have been recently told about GoodJob from one of the recruiters.

Normal:
The student was told about GoodJob through a career event where it was recommended to them by a job recruiter. They tried it out, creating a profile and uploading their resume, portfolios, and references. After searching through with the advanced search options, which allowed for a more narrow job search, they applied for a few jobs and internships that seemed interesting. After a while the recruiters got back and either scheduled an interview, or expressed how their profile could be better improved to be more appealing in the future. Going off of these tips, the user is better able to improve for future applications.

What can go wrong:
    The user has problems with some of the search options conflicting, which doesn’t allow the search function to be used unless the site is reloaded.
    The user also has a problem where the area on their profile isn’t able to be updated, so the current account would need to be deleted and a new one created if their residence changed.

System State on Completion:
    The user is able to apply for jobs during their off hours, view potential offers and log off for the day.



Min Aung -
Actor: Bob Joe
Initial Assumption:
    Bob Joe registers on GoobJob after hearing from Academic Advisor. He has completed an Internship and is looking for another during his summer.
Normal:
         Bob Joe has just registered on GoodJob and is beginning to create/set up his profile with personal information and uploading necessary documents related to optimize his internship Search. He then search through a list of filtered jobs/Internship catered to his personal skil around his area. After looking, Bob applies and tries to get an internship from prospective employer.

What can go wrong: 
    Job might not be able to find a match catered to his preferences/profile.
Job might have issues with uploading/creating profile. 
There might not be any jobs in his specific area radius.

 System of Completion
    Bob closes application with job forms completed and has notification awaiting for next step.
Beau Tate
Actor: Student
Initial Assumption:
            The student has registered for GoodJob and has access to either the website or application. They are a college student who is in a position to be looking for either an internship or full time employment.
 
Normal:
            The student opens the app and uploads a revised version of their resume after receiving some feedback from the career center. They also update preferences for job location to include neighboring states after reading that the median salary in nearby locations is a little bit higher than where they currently live. Finally, they spend a few minutes browsing through jobs and flagging jobs that look interesting with hopes of getting an initial interview.
 
What can go wrong:
            The student encounters an issue with conflicting versions of their resume and the previous version is still showing whenever they click through to view the resume that employers will see.
            Location preferences have also changed since their last log in but the user hadn’t prompted the change. For some reason it was set to the zip code where GoodJob is headquartered.
            Finally, the user receives an error whenever they try to pull up job listings.
 
System state on completion:
            The user logs off from the app and website and all changes are preserved and information is accurate. Relevant employers are notified of applicant interest. 

Tobi Ladipo

Afif Rahman
Actor: Student
Initial Assumption: Zach is currently searching for an entry-level position. He is a senior that has completed a couple internships. He is trying out GoodJobs in hopes of being recognized by recruiters to get the best opportunity possible.
Normal: Zach creates a profile in GoodJobs where he can upload his resume, projects, and other files/resources that can be helpful to show recruiters. He also connected his email for future notifications and updates. There are also filter options that Zach can use when looking for entry-level positions, such as location, level of experience (what coding languages candidates are proficient in), and field of expertise (computer science concentration). 
What can go wrong: Zach could have trouble keeping track of which resume version is uploaded on GoodJobs and won’t be sure which resume version was sent to each recruiter. 
System state on completion: Zach closes the application waiting for an email notification. The recruiter will either reply by saying they will continue with the interview process or will notify that they have moved forwards towards better candidates. 


Minh Anh Nguyen -
Jane, 22, is currently majoring in computer science and will be finishing up college this semester. She’s a highly rigorous and organized student. She’s aiming for a job in front-end web development and wants to have one lined up before her graduation to make things convenient. Since there are over thousands of job postings in comp sci, Jane wants to make sure she saves time and only searches for jobs that match her career. When meeting with her advisor, she was recommended a job platform website called “GoodJob.” Jane used the site to sign up and create a profile with all her attributes. She also uploaded her resume to the site. In terms of searching, Jane used the advanced search option which uses her specific attributes and filter options to narrow down the search results to only front-end web dev postings.

Individual User Stories
As Bob Joe, I want to find an internships that are in the summer quickly, so that Ill have time to prep for Interview. - Min Aung

As a student, I want to be able to access jobs that are geographically relevant to me so that I don’t waste time parsing through jobs that are in locations where I’m not willing to work.- Beau Tate

As Zach, a senior college student, I want to 

I’m a newly graduated CS major looking for potential job offers in my area, I’m also curious about what similar jobs can pay, as well as what benefits the competing companies may be offering.

As a graduating student, I want to be able to quickly and efficiently find relevant jobs to my career and match me with the right job after college - Minh Anh Nguyen

Individual Features
Ability to set and change your location (Beau)
Ability to set a distance filter for jobs (Beau)
Ability to filter based on concentration (cybersecurity, robotics, software development) (Afif R)
Recruiter’s contact information (Afif R)
Resume Submission/Extractor (Min A)
Automated Search Filter/Pre Screening (Min A)
Job/Candidate Match Alert (Min A)
Advanced search filters to find specific jobs of interest (Adam)
Customized profiles to show recruiters more about you (Adam)
Resume revisor (Minh Anh N.)
A user dashboard (Minh Anh N.)

Group Feature List
Ability to set and change your location
Filter by category (cybersecurity, software development, robotics)
Ability to set a distance filter for jobs 
Resume Submission/Extractor 
Automated Search Filter/Pre Screening 
Job/Candidate Match Alert 
Advanced search filters to find specific jobs of interest 
Customized profiles to show recruiters more about you 
Resume revisor
A user dashboard
Notification when company selects you for the interview process
Dashboard suggests jobs based on your user information
Portal for getting feedback from previous interviewers
Portfolio section that allows users to showcase personal projects
